RAC-237: add test and extract documentation (#12898)
akeneo/pim-community-dev: akeneo-design-system/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

> As this design system will be used among multiple products and multiple teams, we prefer consistency above all. So the best way to know how to do something new could be to look around.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As this design system will be used among multiple products and multiple teams, we prefer consistency above all. So the best way to know how to do something new is to look around.
```

- Create a branch (`git checkout -b branch_name`)
- Create a new file related to your component `src/components/ComponentName/ComponentName.tsx`

>   - First of all define all properties that your component need to work, then type them the most strongly possible

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
  - First of all define all properties that your component needs to work, then use typescript types to type them the most strongly possible
```
type them the most strongly possible => Becareful not to break your keyboard xD
